Add OMT plugin by Surma (#57)
rollup/awesome: README.md

- [node-resolve-angular](https://github.com/OasisDigital/rollup-plugin-node-resolve-angular) - Node module resolution support for Angular 4+.
- [stub](https://github.com/eventualbuddha/rollup-plugin-stub) - Stub module.exports at runtime.
- [ts-paths](https://github.com/bitshiftza/rollup-plugin-ts-paths) – Resolve modules from `tsconfig` paths.

> - [OMT](https://github.com/surma/rollup-plugin-off-main-thread) - Allows you to use AMD and adds support for importing modules in workes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [omt](https://github.com/surma/rollup-plugin-off-main-thread) - Use Rollup with Workers and ES6 modules
```
